Problem Debugging Steps

GOAL:
I want to conditionally write words + ip addresses, or increment a count to the redis upstash db
whenever the user clicks the "SHOW GIF" button to view and download the GIF.
I am testing this with the input words "do", "something", and "different".

PROBLEM:
When I click the button, I get errors in frontend and backend
Example errors:
    FE:
        POST http://localhost:4000/words
        [HTTP/1.1 500 Internal Server Error 170ms]"
    BE:
        Router post error: Unauthorized, command was: ["sismember","72.182.64.54","do"]

These errors also occur with words I'd never attempted to add.
So I can focus on the 500 error or the unauthorized error, but I am not sure which is the root cause.
Perhaps 500 causes Unauthorized or vice-versa.
I'll start with Unauthorized.
Small distraction with some styling inmprovements.
Checking the upstash docs.
Added code to get a key, seeing this error: u [UpstashError]: Unauthorized, command was: ["get","key"]
Asking the Upstash Documentation is cool. ✨
So resolving this error seems fundamental, but I am stuck again.
OKAY in the native CLI on the upstash db console, using GET key results in "nil".
So there's no key?
Oh, "key" refers to key value pairs in the db, but adding a value form the data browser didn't resolve the error.
Attempting to add this db to RedisInsight
Getting this error: Could not connect to ..., please check the connection details.
I feel like I'm missing something obvious about the connection details. Like a syntax error.
This is one of the frustrations with my debugging process.
I follow the steps from the docs and the AI suggestions and the issue persists.
Logging now based on the results of this: const setResult = await redisClient.set("test", "success");
Getting a similar error: u [UpstashError]: Unauthorized, command was: ["set","test","success"]
What else? Watch a youtube upstash tutorial.
Sent a message to the upstash support team.
Is it useful to switch to the frontend error?
Doesn't seem like it since I don't need it to work with the db.
Pausing for today (03.05.24) until I get a response from the upstash team.

~8~8~8~8~

Back at it (03.06.24)
Problem: I cannot read the leaderboard data.
There hasn't been anything written to leaderboard. Now there has!
I need to understand redis hashes better.
Okay I do understand redis hashes better and I know the problem.
How to pass in a variable to be read as the hash key?
FIGURED IT OUT IT WAS A SYNTAX THING.
Vercel not set up to deploy backend.